{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 ~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=BREAKPOINTS~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~\
~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
401px - 479px\
\
480px - 619px\
\
620px - 639px\
\
640px - 799px\
\
800px - 989px\
\
990px - 1023px\
\
1024px +\
\
\
HERO 2: w 990 h 400\
\
HERO 3: w 640 h 300\
\
~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~HE BUGS AND POSSIBLE FIXES=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 ~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~JUNE 9 2020=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
MOBILE MENU:\
	- fixed! Needs to be copied on each page\
\
INDEX (HOME) PAGE:\
	- fixed!\
\
HIGHLAND WEAR (PRODUCTS) PAGE:\
	- fixed!\
\
ACCOUTREMENTS PAGE: \
	- @800px; new hero needed; grid should be 3 wide\
	- @640px; grid should be 2 wide\
	- @480px, new hero needed; grid should be 1 wide\
\
FOOTWEAR PAGE:\
	- New hero image needed OVERALL\
	- @990px, info frost to be reworked\
	- @800px; new hero needed; grid should be 3 wide\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	- @640px; grid should be 2 wide\
	- @480px, new hero needed; grid should be 1 wide; images are not the same size\
\
HEADDRESSES PAGE: \
	- @990px, info frost to be reworked\
	- @800px; new hero needed; grid should be 3 wide\
	- @640px; grid should be 2 wide\
	- @480px, new hero needed; grid should be 1 wide;\
\
JACKETS PAGE: \
	- @990px, info frost to be reworked\
	- @800px; new hero needed; grid should be 3 wide\
	- @640px; grid should be 2 wide\
	- @480px, new hero needed; grid should be 1 wide; \
\
SPORRANS PAGE: \
	- fixed!\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 TARTANS PAGE:\
	- @1024px, images are different sizes. How can we get the images to all be one size? At 100%, all images are equal sizes. Best is to look at the top and see if there\'92s something I have outside of the breakpoints; then look at the 1024 breakpoint to compare\
	- @990px, hero needs to be smaller; tartan selector images are all the same size\
	- @800px, some (middle row?) tartan selector images are slightly larger than others\
	- @640px, info frost needs to move left- less of a margin likely. A separate hero image should be here. Tartan Selector search bar needs to be elongated. Some (third and last row) tartan selector images are significantly smaller. Grid should be adjusted to 2 wide. Footer needs to be elongated\
	- @480px, possibly a third and likely final small hero is needed. Tartan selector needs to be 2 wide still. Above fix should help this, unless we need to go single width at this point. This is to be determined\'85 \
	- @401px, tartan selector will certainly need to be a single file grid\
	- There seems to be a left margin somewhere. This may be on other pages as well. Need to find where this margin is set and how to correct it.\
\
BAGPIPES & ACCESSORIES PAGE:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	- New hero image needed OVERALL\
	- @990px, h2s are missing their separators (hr); info frost to be reworked\
	- @800px; new hero needed; grid should be 3 wide\
	- @640px; grid should be 2 wide\
	- @480px, new hero needed; grid should be 1 wide; \
\
ABOUT PAGE: \
	- Hero images are all that need to be made and reworked\
\
REACH US (CONTACT) PAGE:\
	- form to be stretched, otherwise all is well on this page.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
FOOTER:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	- @800px Footer needs to be elongated, links need to be sized up for easier touch on a mobile device (therefore footer to be deeply elongated)\
\
\
~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~QUICK FIXES=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=\
~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=LAZY~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~=~\
\
SOLUTION to CHANGING GRID WIDTHS SO OFTEN: \
	- fix the images that are different sizes to be the same code as those grids which are responsive image wise. This way, you have to make it break only once at the 640px mark or so to be 2 or 3 wide.\
	- Just doing the grid fixes will likely be the best way\'85 \
\
SOLUTION to H2 HR SEPARATORS MISSING:\
	- remove the fancy HR separators at mobile size (1024px)\
\
SOLUTION to HEADER DROPDOWNS @1024PX\'85DON\'92T WORK ON MOBILE:\
	- force burger menu to appear at this point- no dropdown needed!\
}